Allrecipes member Paula tells us that
these vietnamese fresh spring rolls are
a refreshing change from the usual Fried
variety and have become a family
favorite they are great as a cool
summertime appetizer and are delicious
dipped in one or both of the sauces
let's start by getting the filling
ingredients ready first bring a medium
saucepan of water to a boil add in 2
ounces of rice vermicelli and cook it
for 1 to 2 minutes until the vermicelli
is just cooked but still firm drain the
pasta and rinse it with cold water so
the pasta doesn't stick together then
chop enough fresh Thai basil to make 1
and 1/3 generous tablespoons and finely
chopped 3 tablespoons of fresh mint
leaves
as well as three tablespoons of fresh
cilantro
and to clean lettuce leaves
now wash and peel eight large cooked
shrimp
and cut them in half
next fill a wide high-sided plate with
warm water dip 1/8 and a half inch rice
wrapper into the water for about a
second just to soften it then lay the
wrapper flat on the clean surface place
two shrimp halves in the center of the
wrapper and make a row with a handful of
vermicelli some chopped basil some mint
some cilantro and some lettuce keep an
eye on your quantities because you want
to fill each role with an equal amount
of all ingredients leave about two
inches on each side fold the uncovered
part of the wrapper inward
then tightly roll up the wrapper
beginning at the end with the lettuce
in exactly the same way go ahead and
fill and roll the remaining seven
rappers
step the spring rolls aside on a serving
plate while you make the two different
sauces in a small bowl combine four
teaspoons of fish sauce with a quarter
of a cup of water and two tablespoons of
fresh lime juice
now mids one clove of garlic
and add that plus two tablespoons of
white sugar and finally half of a
teaspoon of chili garlic sauce whisk
that together and that's the first sauce
for the second sauce finely chopped 1
teaspoon of peanuts put them in a bowl
then add about three tablespoons of
hoisin sauce
and mix them together serve your spring
rolls with both sauces
if you can't find Thai basil double the
amount of cilantro to keep the flavor of
your spring rolls bright and fresh